You cannot remember being a baby because of something called “childhood amnesia.”
Elon Musk has a kid named “X Æ A-Xii.”
Tectonic plates drift apart at the same rate that your fingernails grow.
Once, a man walked into a restaurant, and ordered some fries. He complained that they were too thick, too wet, and not salty enough. The chef made him some fries that were super thin, dry and salty. The man loved the new fries, and thus, the potato chip was born.
The strongest muscle in the human body is the jaw.
Tom Sylvester and Julie Baum were married at the Rothera Research station in Antarctica.
Moonshiners used "cow shoes" to disguise their footprints during Prohibition.
Hot water can freeze faster than cold water.
A  squirrel can not die from falling.
Dodo birds couldn’t fly because there were not any predators before humans.
There was an emu war that was fought by emus.
Squirrels plant thousands of trees each year by forgetting where they buried their acorns. 
Blue jays bury thousands of acorns in the ground and can remember them for up to multiple seasons.
The inland taipan is the deadliest snake in the world.
A chicken nugget shaped like George Washington’s head sold for $8,100.  The money went to a children’s summer camp.
The bluetooth symbol is named after the viking king Herald Bluetooth.
Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.
Paul McCartney is credited with being the most successful man in music.
The most popular name on Thursday, May 13, 2021 was Liam for a boy and Olivia for a girl.
The 3 most hated boys' names all rhyme with each other: Jayden, Braden and Aiden.
Xanthophobia is the fear of the color yellow. 
Pigs don’t sweat. 
A quarter of all your bones are in your feet. 
Bumblebees can fly higher than Mt. Everest.
Two major sports were created in Massachusetts; basketball and volleyball.
Volleyball was originally invented as a game for businessmen. 
No number from 1 to 999 has the letter A in it. 
Turtles can breathe out of their assholes.
Abraham Lincoln was bi.
Theodore Roosevelt was almost assassinated—the bullet was blocked by a 50 page speech in his pocket.
1/10 of the world’s known species live in the Amazon Rainforest.
The Great Barrier Reef is visible from space.
Idyllwild, California has a dog as its mayor.  His name is Maximus Mueller II.
A volcanic eruption in Indonesia once caused the temperature to drop in Canada so much it snowed in the summer.
Big Bird is 8’2”, about the same height as an ostrich.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
A cemetery in Slovenia sells tombstones with digital screens to play videos and slideshows of the deceased.  (They turn on when you walk nearby.)
The first ice-skating rink had ice made of fat and salt.  It eventually closed because of the smell.
The world’s most expensive donut costs $1,200.  It’s filled with champagne and covered in 24-carat gold.
Twelve men have walked on the Moon – eight of whom are still alive. All of the landings took place between July 1969 and December 1972 as part of the Apollo program.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Isaac Asimov has a book in every Dewey-decimal category except for category 100; philosophy and psychology.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
'Stressed' is 'desserts' spelled backwards.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
The boiling point for water at the top of Mt. Everest is 162°F, about 50 degrees below the boiling point at sea level.
Ben and Jerry originally wanted to start a bagel company. The partners ended up in the ice cream business because they couldn’t afford a bagel machine.
